hey what's up everyone this is anthony
from anthony's customs and for this
review we're doing a review of the DC
Universe Classics reverse-flash because
somebody requested it so I know this
one's relatively more modern I think
it's even more new than the red flash
but somebody wanted it so that's why I'm
doing it
plus it's relevant since we've been
seeing a lot of the reverse-flash on the
new TV show which is awesome by the way
so let's take a look at the figure he
stands if I can get him to stand
straight up and down about six and a
half inches tall he's built on the
medium build body for the DC group Wow
almost died just there saying then he's
built on the medium build body from the
DC Universe Classics line of figures
pretty standard but more often than not
at least from what I've seen he's
usually drawn a little bit bigger than
the flash so I would have much preferred
he'd be built on the larger body that
would have been much better but that
doesn't really take anything away from
the figure because it's pretty darn good
he comes with his lightning rod of
injustice now I have no idea what this
thing is
technically it's a stick with lightning
on both ends and a handle in the middle
you guys know I don't read the comics so
I'm not sure what that is I apologize
but he does come with that and he's got
a really nice paint job there's nice
shading throughout all of the yellow it
really makes the figure stand out his
chest emblem is really well done it's
nice and vibrant and then here's the
only problem is the things on the wrist
the Lightning zigzags not lined up
properly so that doesn't look great
apparently they did one application on
the top and then one on the bottom or
maybe even three but they don't line up
very well on either side the belt it's
not as bad but the belt lining also not
so great if they could have nailed that
this figure would have been aces the
paint work on the tops of the boots not
perfect but it's not nearly as
noticeable as the wrist things the
little wing tip things are a separate
color from the boots so it looks kind of
cool and then the face paint really well
done I love those red eyes on the
character and they captured that
perfectly on this figure and then these
winged things are a little bit metallic
looking so it's pretty nice
as far as articulation goes the head can
look up and down so that will help in a
running pose side to side no problem
standard DC you see shoulders with a
bicep swivel single jointed elbow not
quite 90 degrees but it'll it'll do he's
got a wrist swivel he's got a gripping
hand on this side so he can hold that
lightning stick of justice or injustice
or the stick of truth whatever it's
called I don't know AB crunch works just
fine waist swivel is just fine a little
bit loose but not so much so that it's
floppy so that's good standard GCU C
style hips thighs swivel is just fine
single jointed knee a little bit better
than 90 degrees and the ankle works just
fine he's got the thicker boots which
most of the flash' figures have so
that's pretty cool they have the sole
sculpted on them and then one other
thing I want to point out before you
guys get to look at the photos of him
posed is that all of the yellow is
molded in the same color so he looks
really good even though he's just one
solid color for the most part the yellow
is all matched and then they have that
shading throughout so he looks really
good so there it is guys thanks for
watching make sure you subscribe to the
channel so you can see my upcoming
figure reviews custom figures and other
good stuff and in the meantime keep
collecting